Fresh breath and shining teeth enhance your  personality.														Your self-confidence also increases with teeth.															
Bacteria stay between  our gums and teeth.															
They make  teeth dirty and breath stinky.															
You may keep your teeth clean and breath fresh by the help of some easy tips  given here.											Clean your teeth properly.															
It takes two to three minutes to clean your teeth properly.
But most of the people give less than one minute for this.														Drink plenty of water.																	
Bacterial attack fast if the mouth dries up .																With this stink come from breath.																By drinking plenty of water not only the left-over pieces of food gets cleaned but saliva also gets formed.										Saliva has important role in keeping the mouth clean.															Saliva destroys those bacteria which create stink in breath.													Chew the sugar-free chewing gum.	
Saliva is formed by chewing the chewing gum.												
Chewing gum helps in keeping the teeth clean.												
Sugared chewing gum is not supposed to be good for health.											
That is dentists do not suggest chewing sugared chewing gum.												
Get the teeth checked-up regularly.												
Get the teeth checked-up with the dentists regularly.												
They solve small problems of the teeth easily.												
Clean the mouth after meal.												
Do clean the mouth every time with water after eating.
The left-over pieces of food is cleaned by it.
Clean the teeth with the mixture of lemon and salt.
Taking a spoon of salt pour three to four drops of lemon juice in that.
Clean the teeth every week with this mixture.
Not only teeth starts shining with this.
But one also gets relief from stinking breath.
If there is health there is everything.
It is not less than a challenge to keep oneself healthy in today's busy life.
But you can keep yourself healthy by paying attention to your food habits and by bringing a little change in your lifestyle.
Eat less fatty food.
Eat only that food in which there is less fat and more fiber.
Fruits and vegetables have a ratio like this.
We get helped in controlling our weight by taking less fatty and fibered food.
You keep yourself far from many diseases by eating less fatty and fibered food.
Take less salt and alcohol
Take the least quantity of salt and alcohol to control blood pressure and cholesterol.
Stop smoking.
There is a danger of several diseases including cancer with smoking.
Try your best to quit it.
Exercise daily.
You must include exercise in your daily routine.
You can prevent heart diseases , colon cancer , blood pressure and diabetes like diseases by regular exercise.
Keep doing light physical activities.
Keep doing small physical activities like climbing stairs , gardening , small domestic works or dancing.
These retain the flexibility in the body.
If fever comes continuously you must get it checked up.
												

															
														
